Add a Galactic example of Python point_cloud2 manipulation. (#1542)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Releases/Release-Galactic-Geochelone.rst

Related PRs: `ros2/rclcpp#1408 <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/pull/1408>`_ and `ros2/rclpy#635 <https://github.com/ros2/rclpy/pull/635>`_

Python point_cloud2 utilities available
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Several utilities for interacting with pointclouds from Python were `ported to ROS 2 <https://github.com/ros2/common_interfaces/pull/128>`__.

Reviewer: @clalancette nit: 
```suggestion
Several utilities for interacting with PointCloud2 messages in Python were `ported to ROS 2 <https://github.com/ros2/common_interfaces/pull/128>`__.
```

Reviewer: I also think we can simply talk about `PointCloud2` messages in lieu of "ROS 2 point cloud messages". Users will know what we're talking about (we can add a link to the message definition to be sure).

Author: Good point.  Fixed up in edd248c.

These utilities allow one to get a list of points from a ROS 2 point cloud message (``read_points`` and ``read_points_list``), and to create a ROS 2 point cloud message from a list of points (``create_cloud`` and ``create_cloud_xyz32``).

An example of creating ROS 2 point cloud message, then reading it back:

.. code-block:: python

  import numpy as np
  import sensor_msgs.msg
  import sensor_msgs_py.point_cloud2
  import std_msgs.msg

  pointlist = [[0.0, 0.1, 0.2]]

>   pointcloud = sensor_msgs_py.point_cloud2.create_cloud_xyz32(std_msgs.msg.Header(frame_id='frame'), pointlist)

Reviewer: @clalancette nit^N: I'm not a huge fan of `from ... import ...` statements in general, but cutting down verbosity here:
```suggestion
  pointcloud = create_cloud_xyz32(Header(frame_id='frame'), pointlist)
```
would be nice.

Author: Yes, I'm also not a huge fan of `from ... import ...`, but I ended up using it here.

I also realized that I was importing a bunch of stuff I didn't need, so that is now removed as well.  edd248c has all of the fixes.
